WIP: Documentation for Vault Swaps (#471)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/integrations/running-a-broker/broker-api.mdx

        "min_output_amount": 0,
        "retry_duration": 0
      }
  }
}' http://localhost:10997
```

Example output:
```json
{
  "chain": "Bitcoin",
  "nulldata_payload": "0x0001abababababababababababababababababababab00000000000000000000000000000000000001000200000000",
  "deposit_address": "bcrt1phs8wzjf79ga4y04ses8alz4dgjlz0jdx0r8uat6w04e5xcvqtqkqe4rx3c"
}
```

### `broker_open_private_btc_channel`

As a broker, you can open a private Bitcoin deposit channel that will not expire. Only one channel per broker is allowed.
A small amount of $Flip will be required to open the channel and held as bond until the channel is closed.
The private channel is used to receive [Bitcoin Vault Swaps](../advanced/vault-swaps/bitcoin.mdx) without the need to open a new channel for each swap.
Once open, use the `broker_request_swap_parameter_encoding` method to get the data needed to built the vault swap transaction to be send to the private channel.

Parameters: None

Return: The channel ID (Number)

### `broker_close_private_btc_channel`

Close the private Bitcoin deposit channel. The bond will be returned to your free balance.

Parameters: None

Return: The channel ID (Number)

> ### `broker_register_affiliate`

Reviewer: This is now out of date. Has been updated in #487.

}
```

> ### `broker_request_swap_parameter_encoding`

Reviewer: Should we rename this broker RPC to match `cf_get_vault_swap_details`, seems it's just a passthrough for that Statechain RPC? @dandanlen

Reviewer 2: Makes sense to keep them the same, but I would prefer to rename the runtime rpc to match the broker api rather than the reverse. (So it shouldn't impact the docs)

Reviewer 3: would be great to have the names consistent. as far as i see, we used both the broker api rpc and the node rpc in the docs

### Chains

> Chains are specified as the full name of the chain, capitalized, for example `"Ethereum"`, `"Bitcoin"`, "`Polkadot"`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Chains are specified as the full name of the chain, capitalised, for example `"Ethereum"`, `"Bitcoin"`, "`Solana"`.
```
